the library system must contain 2 interfaces. one for the book keeper and one for the borrower. 
we must adhere to the CRUD system(Create, Read, update, and delete) specifications.


---Book Keeper interface---
1. View the books in the library.
    1.1 View books
    - must be able to view the book informations.
    - number of copies.

2. View the borrower's information.
    - must be able to view their information.
    - the type book they borrowed along with the date borrowed and date to be returned.
    - number violations.

3. bookkeeper must choose what to update.
    1.1 must be able to edit the library, specifically the book infromation and number of copies.
    1.2 must be able to edit the information of the borrower (basic information and to declare if the books they borrowed is returned, if not add a violation)

4. bookkeeper must be able to delete both book and borrower in the system.

---main file and interface---
1. the first promt in the main must be to ask what type of user will be loging in. and the users are only Borrower and Bookkeeper. int 1 for bookkeeper, int 2 for borrower, else would be a loop condition where it must select either one.


5. The bookkeeper must be the only one to initialize materials and the library would be the storage of that material and the books should also be made exclusively from the bookkeeper functions, class, and object. thats why its called a library.

6. the borrower must be able to borrow the books that the bookkeeper added in the library, hence the borrower must log its actions and the bookkeeper must be able to read the logs.

7. the borrower must be able to return the books that they borrowed, and the bookkeeper must be able to read the logs.

8. the borrower must be able to view the books in the library and the bookkeeper must be able to view the borrowers.

9. borrower interface. 
    1. simple login system. if they have an account or not.
    2. must be able to login.
    3. must be able to register.
    4. must be able to view the books in the library.
    5. must be able to borrow the books.
    6. must be able to return the books.
    7. must be able to view their information.
    8. must be able to view the books they borrowed.
    9. must be able to view their violations.
    